## Q1. Explain the purpose and basic structure of Django models.
## How do they help in creating and managing database schema in a Django application?
Models are usually defined in an application's models.py file. They are implemented as subclasses of django.db.models.Model,<br>
and can include fields, methods and metadata.<br>
## Q2.Describe the primary features and functionality of the Django Admin interface.
## How can it be customized to suit the specific needs of a project?
The Django admin application can use your models to automatically build a site area that you can use to create, view, update, and delete records.<br>
This can save you a lot of time during development, making it very easy to test your models and get a feel for whether you have the right data.<br>
The admin application can also be useful for managing data in production, depending on the type of website.<br>
## Q3.Briefly outline the key components and workflow of a Django application, as discussed in the Beginner’s Guide to Django.
## How do these components interact with each other to create a functional web application?
### 1. URL Dispatcher
Django gets user requests by URL locator and responds back to it.django.urls module is used by it to manage the URL’s requests.<br>
### 2. Views
A view is a part of your web application , which is a Python function responsible for accepting a web requests and returning corresponding web response to it.<br>
### 3. Model
Django model is a class which contains certain fields and methods and every attribute of class is field of database table.<br>
### 4. Template
Django provides template system which helps to distinguish between python and html contents.<br>
Dynamic HTML pages are generated by using template system.<br>
### 5. Caching Framework
For dynamic webpages , when user requests a particular page , <br>
then all following sort of queries takes place like from database queries to template rendering to business logic to make the requested page visible to user.<br>
## Things I want to know more about
1.templates<br>
2. views <br>
